But I love it. I've been here 56 years now.
56.
Same as me.
Same as us.
I love it.
I wouldn't move from here though.
Oh no.
No I wouldn't.
I love badness.
And when I hear people saying about badness.
Oh I got that.
And I get it.
It's such a bad thing.
I get it.
Well it's better than duck rig.
Well when I'm black.
Yes.
Everyone got their bat and couldn't.
In lonely states.
You shouldn't do that.
You shouldn't run anything down.
Well when I was young.
In the spa room.
In the spa on Malpers Road.
There was people at work there.
They came from Bettys.
And if you heard them.
You'd never think they came from Bettys.
No.
Oh everything is bad about Bettys.
I know.
And if you want.
I say hang on a minute.
Hang on.
I do.
Stand on the lane.
And watch the children.
The majority of them go at Malpers.
That's what I say.
So don't come here saying about Bettys.
I won't have it.
No.
I don't want to have it.
Well they got bad and good everywhere.
That's right.
The hedgepats.
The posh parts.
Everyone.
You shouldn't do that.
No.
You've got your good and your bad everywhere.
Don't care what they say.
That's it.
Yeah.
Anyway.